global:

why are we using git(hub) for communication?

we'll need a german version. detect via browser settings?


font? code bold/light ok? too thin?
Used code light with weight 700 now, which is thick enough.
-
ill test on 1440p screen later


do we need a blog? probs not
-
nah, i'd just include some of our jobs in the static site


title background picture:
i like how martin is pointing upwards to the dissappearing title when you scroll..
tempted to keep this picture there
-
dont we have anything similar with better quality? 
it's not bad, but colors seem a bit off (mostly cuz artifacts) and it's very blurry.
how about having multiple background pictures with a random one selected on each load?
my problem is just that we want to sell quality, and while that might be a nice shot, 
details could hardly be worse


subtitile - cinematography?
-
gud enuf


sections:

skills, about us, realizing your project


--------------SKILLS-------------------------

Available light
dynamic perspectives (i hate this title, just wanna say we're not sitting with our tripod in one place whole event)
Editing
flexible


need pics for those

KEEP TITLES SHORT, OR ELSE DESIGN BREAKS!

ALSO, NOT TOO MANY SKILLS
if it becomes too many, we just combine similar ones.
too many skills is bad for site design..
-
might wanna use 2 columns if we get too many


-------------ABOUT US----------------------
(add pic - together or 2 pics?
rather 2
1 paragraph for each of us? or just a bit of text for both
if we add 1 paragraph for each we could make a nice 2 column design
add links to personal sites)

added 2 columns now. working on responsiveness now that they become rows on narrower displays



add contact email here as well as in realizing project section?
-
use some magic to hide mail from crawlers, otherwise we gonna get overwhelmed by spam.

i cant stand centered text (also comic sans)

------------REALIZING YOUR PROJECT--------

realize? realise?
title too long? might not work on mobile as well
-
realize

maybe just: "your project" - is that clear enough?
-
doesnt seem broken: https://i.imgur.com/o5iQwkv.png

move above about section?
-
yup


can we give pricing estimates?
-
not yet

contact information
-
at bottom(impressum) and realizatiotioitnon of ur project